docs: add note (#2813)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/dev-server.md

T> If you're having trouble, navigating to the `/webpack-dev-server` route will show where files are served. For example, `http://localhost:9000/webpack-dev-server`.

> _**Note**: Though both of the methods(`webpack.config.js` and `cli`) are recommended to use this module. However, you need atleast an `index.html` file or a html template to serve the bundle. Also, note that webpack-dev-server doesn't inject script references into the html file, so make sure you add them manually. However, you can also use [proxy](https://github.com/webpack/webpack.js.org/blob/master/src/content/configuration/dev-server.md#devserverproxy)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> HTML template is required to serve the bundle, usually it is an `index.html` file. Make sure that script references are added into HTML, webpack-dev-server doesn't inject them automatically.
```

Author: @evilebottnawi suggested. 
@EugeneHlushko please refer https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server/pull/1630#pullrequestreview-194880763.
